vanim/root/modular/Interpolatable.java
 vanim.root.modular.Interpolatable
vanim/planar.java
 vanim.planar
vanim/shapes/Ellipse.java
 vanim.shapes.Ellipse
vanim/root/modular/Graphable.java
 vanim.root.modular.Graphable
vanim/text/ImmutableLaTeX.java
 vanim.text.ImmutableLaTeX
vanim/storage/vector/FVector.java
 vanim.storage.vector.FVector
vanim/directions/Scene.java
 vanim.directions.Scene
vanim/storage/Subcolor.java
 vanim.storage.Subcolor
vanim/util/map/MapEase.java
 vanim.util.map.MapEase
vanim/util/RandomDebug.java
 vanim.util.RandomDebug
vanim/root/modular/Scalable.java
 vanim.root.modular.Scalable
vanim/storage/vector/IVector.java
 vanim.storage.vector.IVector
vanim/core/Graphics2D.java
 vanim.core.Graphics2D
vanim/text/Text.java
 vanim.text.Text
vanim/planes/CartesianPlane.java
 vanim.planes.CartesianPlane
vanim/storage/Vector.java
 vanim.storage.Vector
vanim/mfunc/Narrator.java
 vanim.mfunc.Narrator
vanim/text/LaTeX.java
 vanim.text.LaTeX
vanim/storage/Color.java
 vanim.storage.Color
vanim/shapes/Circle.java
 vanim.shapes.Circle
vanim/root/modular/Convertable.java
 vanim.root.modular.Convertable
vanim/shapes/DoubleLine.java
 vanim.shapes.DoubleLine
vanim/root/CanvasObject.java
 vanim.root.CanvasObject
vanim/util/Mapper.java
 vanim.util.Mapper
 vanim.util.Mapper$1
vanim/shapes/ClosedShape.java
 vanim.shapes.ClosedShape
vanim/planes/Plane.java
 vanim.planes.Plane
vanim/directions/Directions.java
 vanim.directions.Directions
vanim/root/vobjects/VObject.java
 vanim.root.vobjects.VObject
vanim/specific/rational/Fraction.java
 vanim.specific.rational.Fraction
vanim/util/map/MapType.java
 vanim.util.map.MapType
vanim/util/tex/SVGConverter.java
 vanim.util.tex.SVGConverter
vanim/util/Reason.java
 vanim.util.Reason
vanim/util/Useful.java
 vanim.util.Useful
vanim/shapes/Line.java
 vanim.shapes.Line
vanim/directions/subscene/Scene1.java
 vanim.directions.subscene.Scene1
vanim/root/modular/Colorable.java
 vanim.root.modular.Colorable
vanim/root/vobjects/AbsoluteVObject.java
 vanim.root.vobjects.AbsoluteVObject
vanim/core/Applet.java
 vanim.core.Applet
vanim/storage/Scale.java
 vanim.storage.Scale
